When we go about launching the marketing campaign,
we might use a creative brief or a one-page plan to
articulate the goals for that campaign and to align all of the resources.
Usually, part of that brief is to evaluate what metrics we need to measure.
But there's typically just one line item in
those briefs for us to describe those metrics,
and I think you're coming to learn I love
frameworks especially when you're just getting started.
There great to help focus your attention and serve as
a reference tool to keep you confident that you're on the right path.
Now eventually, you're going to toss these frameworks assign.
The process will become ingrained in
your behavior and you'll follow these steps innately.
So let's take some time to drill deeper into another framework.
One that combines the metrics with
the customer journey and a way that's more descriptive.
Now, it's a bit more lengthy,
and it's a little bit more of a process,
but this is a great exercise to engage your mind in your next analytics projects.
The flow of our business brief will cover our business story,
our customer story, and our test and learn plan.
There's a hierarchy here,
a natural way by which we start at the top and weave our way down.
Now, the brief is really just an exercise to answer a series of questions,
and then we apply a customer journey map with
the metrics that we measure into that customer story section of our brief.
The next couple of videos, I'm going to take you
through each section and show you just how this works.